README.md, before:

# Personal Portfolio

### Description
This is my personal portfolio website showcasing my skills and providing some personal information on me, my skills, projects I've worked on, and my contact information.

## Table of Contents

- [About This Project](#about)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Roadmap](#features)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Testing](#test)
- [License](#license)
- [Questions](#questions)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgement)

<a name="about"></a>
## About This Project

Personal Portfolio

### Built With

HTML React.js CSS Javascript

<a name="installation"></a>
## Installation

None

<a name="usage"></a>
## Usage

Any browser

<a name="features"></a>
## Roadmap

A few well placed graphics that enhance the feel of the website.

<a name="contributing"></a>
## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are greatly appreciated.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature)
3. Commit your Changes (git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature')
4. Push to the Branch (git push origin feature/AmazingFeature)
5. Open a Pull Request

<a name="test"></a>
## Testing

To test, type "node index.js" into your terminal, answer the prompted questions, and then review the generated README file. 

<a name="license"></a>
## License

This project is licensed under None.

<a name="questions"></a>
## Questions

My name is Eric Hay and if you have any questions about this project, you can email me at ericdanielhay24@gmail.com.
Link to project: github.universaleric

<a name="acknowledgement"></a>
## Acknowledgements

SMU Bootcamp

Commit message:

Cleaned up previously generated README. Adjusted positioning for project page on large screens.

README.md, after:

# Personal Portfolio

### Description

This is my personal portfolio website showcasing my skills and providing some personal information on me, my skills, projects I've worked on, and my contact information.

## Table of Contents

- [About This Project](#about)
- [Roadmap](#features)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Questions](#questions)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgement)

<a name="about"></a>

## About This Website

Personal Portfolio

### Built With

HTML React.js CSS Javascript

<a name="features"></a>

## Roadmap

In the future I hope to add a few well placed graphics that enhance the feel of the website. For now I'm focused on clean and functional.

<a name="contributing"></a>

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are greatly appreciated.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature)
3. Commit your Changes (git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature')
4. Push to the Branch (git push origin feature/AmazingFeature)
5. Open a Pull Request

<a name="questions"></a>

## Questions

My name is Eric Hay and if you have any questions about this website, you can email me at ericdanielhay24@gmail.com.
Link to project: github.com/universaleric/Portfolio

<a name="acknowledgement"></a>

## Acknowledgements

SMU Bootcamp
